Name: Shun Zhang
EID: sz4554

== Comments and Questions ==

*. Autonomous driving in urban environments: Boss and the Urban
Challenge 

So the author didn't consider a multi-agent approach. If there are
multiple autonomous vehicles on the road, it's necessary to consider
whether a centralized (like AIM) or distributed system could work
better.

For autonomous driving, one way is using very a robotic way -
designing each modules with human experience. Another way is treating
this as a hierarchical RL problem.

*. Cloth Grasp Point Detection based on Multiple-View Geometric Cues
with Application to Robotic Towel Folding

Borders detection can be regarded as a supervised learning problem. I
think the authors have done this, when they say they classify depth
discontinuities to actual borders.

When the agent uses filtering algorithm to figure out the
configuration of the cloth, does it assume that the effect of grapes
could be predicted well? Any noise in the action may make the
transition not as expected.

== Summary ==

*. Autonomous driving in urban environments: Boss and the Urban
Challenge 

The driving task involves multiple challenges.

1) Motion planning. The agent needs to determine the trajectory and
plan to follow that using control theory.

2) Perception. This builds the belief of the surrounding world. It's
quite straightforward to use filtering algorithms here.

3) Mission planning. This makes the vehicle has higher-level
performance, with motion planning and perception. The roads are
represented as a graph, and each node is assigned with values, like in
RL.

4) Behavioral reasoning. It responds to the mission planning, and
considers other vehicles on the road. This involves much planning to
make it have desired behavior.

*. Cloth Grasp Point Detection based on Multiple-View Geometric Cues
with Application to Robotic Towel Folding

The authors discussed a solution to a towel folding problem. As the
borders are essential for the folding action, the authors started with
finding accurate borders from depth discontinuities.

So they use a filtering algorithm to track the depth discontinuities
and do planning on top of that.
