Name: Shun Zhang
EID: sz4554

== Comments and Questions ==

*. Stochastic models, estimation, and control

Compared to deterministic models, probabilistic models win as they are
more tolerant on errors and incompleteness. Would a hybrid model
could have better performance? The agent follows a deterministic
model, which typically does planning, while a probabilistic model
works behind the scene and give advice to the model in the front.

Kalman filter does *incorporate* all data provided, but it actually
uses meta-data (mean, variance), instead of exploiting the data
themselves.

Unlike a general Bayesian filter, we may do not require P(x'|x, u)
explicitly for Kalman filter, if the mean and variance of the
probablity distribution can be modeled - this kind of knowledge can be
that the transition would be more uncertain in some known cases.. 

The author spoke highly of Kalman filter, while most of the features
he talked about are shared by a common Bayesian Filter. For example, a
Bayesian Filter makes use of the prior knowledge and the current
observation to gain the current belief.

I think it's like hermatic wording to say "the Kalman filter is
optimal with respect to virtually any criterion that makes sense". He
just believes that the criterion that Kalman filter performs badly
doesn't make sense.

I agree that the sensor probability distribution mostly follows
Gaussian distribution. It's possible to learn the distribution model
from P(x|z) we have. It can be done by having a bag of models and
finding out which one fits the distribution the best.

I'm not sure about the "white noise"

*. Probabilistic Robotics

For discrete state spaces, we could apply Kalman Filter by making it
continus first by interpolatoin. Particle filter is more convenient
for this discrete environment actually.

Sigma for the sensor?

== Summary ==

*. Stochastic models, estimation, and control

The author started with the reasons why a deterministic model is not
preferred. We cannot model everything perfectly for a system to
follow. Among what we modelled, there could be error. Also, we might
not be given complete information, no matter how we try to model it.

The Kalman filter is an optimal recursive data processing algorithm.
It inherits most of the features from Bayesian network.

*. Probabilistic Robotics
